New Stuff:
New Expert Drop from Icy Amalgamation (Name changed to Polaris).
New Expert Drop from Subspace Serpent, this one is pretty strong and may be nerfed later. Depends on reception.
New Expert Drop from Pharaoh's Curse.
A handful of new items and a TON of resprites.
New Lesser Wisp enemy in that spawns in groups in hell.
Added 10 different variations of the Starter House that can be found upon world generation.
New Music + Music Boxes

Balancing:
Subspace Scissors damage 180 -> 190, no longer an expert drop
Spirit tracer is no longer an expert drop, reduced draw iterations to improve framerate
Tidal Construct dungeon spawn rates lowered by 45%
Calculator now only applies homing once, this should also improve framerate
Planetarium max spawns reduced by 20%
Goopwoop Helix damage 22 -> 20
Assassination potion no longer works on bosses or causes critical strikes automatically
Void Shock now lasts for ten seconds and makes you take moredamage while active.
Void Recovery lasts slightly longer and has higher base negative life regen

Misc:
Polaris has recieved some visual changes, optimizations, and balancing changes (Courtesy of Heart Plus Up!)
Pearlescent core removed
Normalzied some sell values
Door pants works better now
Subspace Serpents cross attack is now less RNG dependent
Terminator Acorns has reduced draw iterations when trailing to improve framerate
Advisor is now summoned when using Planetary Analyzer (Worldgen scanner), which is still found in the Starter House.
Chaos Spirit Staff now stops attacking enemies more than 200 tiles away from the player, this is meant to make it stop despawning against Subspace Serpent in particular.

Bug Fixes:
Fixed bug where Advisor would launch towards the player after the tracer attack, instead of going backwards as intended.
Putrid Pinky now drops items correctly in normal mode.
Fixed Cursed Blade hitting more than intended.
Chaos Spirit Staff no longer spawns in the Strange Chest loot pool, now the Otherworldly Spirit Staff spawns as intended.
Void minions are now properly removed after cycling void accesories, and no longer increases max void
The Centerpiece of the Pyramid now triggers the biome consistently, allowing you to fish there even if you are infront of other walls.
Acedia Portal now properly spawns on smaller worlds (sometimes it wouldn't spawn at all).

