Hotfix 0.24.1.2

1. SOTS updated to latest Tmodloader version

Additions: 
1. New Post-Lux armor set called the "Elemental" armor
2. Frost Core can now be crafted at a Mythril Anvil using Permafrost materials
3. Bestiary entry for Chaos Construct
4. Rift Cookie, an item which allows you to relocate Anomalies and the Archaeologist

Changes: 
1. Voidspace Ranger's Armorset now costs more Fragment of Inferno to craft 18 -> 30
2. Particle Relocator no longer freezes bosses
3. Vibrant Arrow damage 12 -> 10
4. Bore Bullet damage 11 -> 8
5. Skip Bullet damage 8 -> 7
6. Snake Eyes crit chance 8 -> 7
7. Chaos Badge crit chance 10 -> 9
8. Clover Charm, Void Charm, Borealis Icosahedron, and Hellfire Icosahedron crit chance 2 -> 1
9. When Challenger Ring's Inverted Amber is active, Synthetic Liver's debuff to buff conversion rate decreases from 1:3 to 1:2
10. Polished Coin now requires Dissolving Umbra to craft, locking it into Hardmode
11. Focus Crystal now requires 5 Soul of Plight to craft, locking it to Post-Polaris
12. Challenger Ring now requires a Primordial Cluster to craft instead of a Tainted Keystone Shard, making it Post-Advisor
13. Self-Heal projectiles, such as those spawned by Clover Charm and many other items, move faster and have improved visuals
14. Double Vision potion now displays how many lines it has stacked under the buff description  

Fixes: 
1. Attempted a fix for Tesseract related crashes
2. Fixed many localization issues and outdated tooltips, including grammar issues and inconsistencies with wording
3. Conduits should no longer decrease max life when combined with certain buff-related accessories
4. Blink Pack should no longer be useable after dying
5. Challenger Ring should no longer glitch out certain item tooltips when diamond is inverted
6. Synthetic Liver no longer works on the Chilled debuff (Ice Bath)
7. Polished Coin now properly boosts crit damage by 30 and gives 2 crit chance (Previously, the effect did not match the tooltip)
8. Focus Reticle now properly boosts crit damage by 40 (Previously, the effect did not match the tooltip)
9. Tidal Spirit should no longer target dead players in Multiplayer
10. Fixed certain potion buffs disappearing upon relog, even though they should not