Hotfix 0.25.1.0

Additions:
1. Achievements! These were made by our wonderful community in an achievement contest a... while ago. BUT NOW THEY'RE HERE!!!
2. Some new QoL items, including items that can relocate wormholes, an improved Anomaly Locator, and eggs that change your Vision Number
3. New armor set dropped by the Excavator, focused on void replenishment
4. Jumbo Eggs and Jumbo Capsules

Fixes: 
1. Gula Vault should no longer be locked when placed by player
2. Tried fixing an issue related to dragon lens NPC spawning crashing the game in multiplayer
3. Fixed issue where bonus critical strike damage was only being applied to melee strikes from items like the Elemental Amulet and Harvester's Scythe
4. Small adjustments to worldgen code that may fix some worldgen issues related to the Abandoned Village
5. Some optimizations for Blade Generator and upgrades that should reduce lag
6. Fix: Bulwark of the ancients grants stoned immunity now, like the ankh shield
7. Fix: King Blade's tooltip now shows correct damage multiplier number (100% -> 80%)
8. Fix: Helios now only stacks up to 5 stacks of scorch, as described in the tooltip

Misc:
1. The SOTS Texture-Pack popup no longer appears
2. Hydrokinetic Antennae and Pog Shark can be exchanged into each other at a wormhole
3. Hydrokinetic Antennae's connection visual can now be hidden when vanity is disabled
4. A hidden tooltip for Essence of Emptiness appears at 15 UVN instead of 8 UVN
5. Adjust some tooltips

Hotfix 0.25.1.2

Fixes: 
1. Fix bug with Jewel Eggs accidentally not having special names
2. Change Jewel Egg tooltip to not indicate cracking being an option available, plus change some special tooltips
3. Fix bug where old Jewel Eggs could be crushed again as ghost items, making it unclear what is happening to your UVN

Hotfix 0.25.1.3

Balance:
1. Chaos Spirit Staff damage 54 -> 50, and reduce damage to bosses by 10% and subspace serpent by 50%
2. Otherworld Spirit Staff damage 25 -> 21
3. Permafrost Spirit Staff damage 17 -> 15
4. Nature Spirit Staff damage 12 -> 10
5. Tidal Spirit Staff damage 33 -> 30
6. Earthen Spirit Staff damage 14 -> 13
7. Evil Spirit Staff damage 66 -> 60
8. Inferno Spirit Staff damage 50 -> 47
9. Cursed Blade damage 21 -> 19

Fixes: 
1. Fixed oversight where debug text was spammed in chat upon burdened achievement completion
2. Crystal Serpent from the Starcaller Staff now does summon damage
3. Fix some tooltips

Hotfix 0.25.1.4

Additions:
1. Evostone Grand Pillars can now be crafted, harvested, and/or placed

Changes:
1. Tesseract's color cycle is now more purple and cycles slower
2. Tesseract's Tooltip Text now glows and generally looks different
	
Fixes:
1. Evostone Grand Pillars no longer use a detour to draw, now drawing like normal walls
	1. This means they should be less buggy in the Sanctuary (no longer sometimes disappearing or not appearing)
	2. They should also be less laggy
2. Fix certain wall recipes being incorrect or not existing
3. Unsafe Overgrown Pyramid Tile should now drop its item correctly
4. Fix some tooltip grammar
5. Fix a sprite issue with Ultracap Banner
6. Fix bug where SOTS was overloading servers and clients with too many packets, causing extreme multiplayer lag
7. Illuminant Axe can no longer be used by the Hydrokinetic Antennae (tools are supposed to be blacklisted, generally)

Hotfix 0.25.1.5

Additions:
1. Add Stabilizing Tonic, which does basically nothing right now (seriously)

Changes:
1. Made various optimization updates to Pharaoh's Curse, which should result in a minor performance improvement, including:	
	1. Improved the ordering of certain expressions within if statements and for loops to prevent calculating and loading things more than necessary (
	2. Cached all textures that are used in the fight into static variables, preventing looking up textures multiple times per frame and sometimes per dust particle 
	3. Cache projectile types that are searched for special drawing, rather than looking up projectile types many times per frame
	4. Some other minor improvements that aren't too noteworthy but should have a some effect on lag
	5. Curse Wave Projectile now has optimizations from a few patches ago that was not integrated: Better clearing of dust list, in addition to the other optimizations
2. As a side effect of Pharaoh's Curse performance improvements, weapons and other sources of curse particles should also be less laggy
3. Cache other commonly used internal resources that should help overall reduce some of the overhead lag

Fixes:
1. Fix Code Corrupter localization spelling "destabilize" as "destabalize", "struck" as "striked"

Hotfix 0.25.1.6
1. Add Russian Localization

Hotfix 0.25.1.7
1. Remix seed (Zenith) should now be able to generate without hanging world generation (WumbologyMajor)
	1. Although SOTS was still not designed around it, so expect varying worldgen bugs/jank, like surface structures spawning underground
2. Added a config option for the Sanctuary that should reduce lag moderately by reducing the amount of draw calls by a substantial amount (~40% reduced calls)
3. Evostone Grand Pillars can kinda be effected by Paint now, but does not use the shader making it slightly different from how paint normally effects blocks
4. Fix bug where out of bounds tiles could cause a crash by checking for valid tile above the out-of-bounds area.
5. Some Russian translation fixes

Hotfix 0.25.1.8
1. Some targeted optimizations:
	1. Removed huge overhead in ModifyScreenPosition() which was searching the projectile array every frame (1000 iterations) for target projectiles
	2. Now the projectiles that are affected add themselves to their own buffer (this was tested in and should work in multiplayer, since it is a client sided feature)
	3. The aforementioned projectiles and a handful of other entities now lazy load important textures, which should also reduce overhead. (optimizations like this need to happen in a ton of places in SOTS, so this type of optimization work is nowhere near complete for this patch)
	4. Some adjustments in a handful of places removing unnecessary square root calculations
2. AV optimizations:
	1. Reduce the default number of particles spawned by 80%
	2. The decrease from low fidelity mode 50% less particles -> 90% less particles (compounds with the other reduction)
3. Remove small overhead from lighting detour (profiler was reporting this a lot)
4. Sanctuary Pillars now draw with 4-slice lighting instead of 9-slice lighting (profiler was reporting this a lot)
	1. 4-slice lighting is standard for walls...
	2. This should make them less than half as laggy as before
5. Some Russian translation fixes

Hotfix 0.25.1.9

1. Sanctuary Optimizations:
	1. Reduced the number of liquid particle checks 150 -> 90, further reduced to 30 when Sanctuary Lag Reduction or Low Fidelity Mode config setting is on
	2. Reduced the glow of the petals in the sanctuary 6 -> 3 (this should reduce the lag caused by the petals)
2. Replaced quite a few int array datastructures in the mod with hashsets
	1. This should reduce the overhead lag by (hopefully) noticeable amount, as these arrays were often searched every frame in O(n) time, often by every single projectile or npc for the related datastructure, now should be O(1) time
	2. The main culprits should be the arrays that check for projectile homing and npc intimidation (whether they give intimidating presence debuff)
3. Lazy Loading a few more textures
	1. Tainted Prism Dye
	2. Subspace Serpent Head, Body, Tail, Cell Blast, Greater Cell Blast
4. Adjustments to how Calculator accessory works (tested in Multiplayer, should still work)
	1. For some reason I had made this so horribly that it always caused a lot of overhead lag. It should no longer do this, and I also optimized some other aspects of it.